Add translation guidelines and issue template (#1811)
huggingface/smolagents: docs/TRANSLATING.md

To copy the English version to your new language directory:

1. Navigate to your fork of the repository:

    ```bash
    cd ~/path/to/smolagents/docs
    ```

   Replace `~/path/to` with your actual path.

2. Run the following command:

    ```bash
    cp -r source/en source/LANG-ID
    ```

   Replace `LANG-ID` with the appropriate ISO 639-1 or ISO 639-2 language code (see [this table](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) for reference).

## Start translating

Begin translating the text!

1. Start with the `_toctree.yml` file that corresponds to your documentation chapter. This file is essential for rendering the table of contents on the website.

    - If the `_toctree.yml` file doesn't exist for your language, create one by copying the English version and removing unrelated sections.
    - Ensure it is placed in the `docs/source/LANG-ID/` directory.

    Here’s an example structure for the `_toctree.yml` file:

    ```yaml
    - sections:
      - local: guided_tour # Keep this name for your .md file
        title: Guided tour # Translate this
        ...
      title: Tutorials # Translate this
    ```

> 2. Once you’ve translated the `_toctree.yml`, move on to translating the associated MD files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once you've set up and translated the `_toctree.yml`, proceed to translate the associated Markdown (`.md`) files.
```
